

So Whats New in Sleuth 1.3 ?

Sleuth now uses a tab bar. if you get an error when you try to start up this
version of sleuth that TABCTL32.OCX is missing, then download

http://geocities.com/dzzie/sleuth/dependancies.zip

and run the vbs installer script. It will only install the components 
you are lacking.

This version has some spiffy new UI features like the Tabs
you will also find them on the Raw Request form. Hopefully these will help 
reduce clutter and give me a nice canvas to expand features without making
the whole program  to complex to use.

New Stuff:

Select some text in the browser then goto edit source..you are now only editing that
selected chunk of the webpage ! (This is so very handy trust me. gracias to the Pull for
ideas on just how to implement it)

It is now your choice to Highlight page source or not (because it can take awhile ):

It is now your choice if you want to update browser window after source viewing..
dont forget though because once you switch you tabs all changes are lost. Source view
will be refilled fresh on tab click next time.

Ummm...I have added alot of logic in the Raw Request form. It is still only winsock and no SSL
yet but it should be way more efficient to use. changes include:

timeout timer: jsut incase you enter bad server whatever
now you get feedback in caption as to progress
can now generate POST headers automatically
can be initilized off a form index to raw post form (this is hard needs more logic)

added query string analyzer that breaks down elements and holds in list to edit
    in the reuest header the query string is rplaced with <QUERYSTRING>
    all of the arguments are held in lower listbox to view and edit
    if you want to edit them double click, when you make the actual request the marker
    <QUERYSTRING> will be automatically replaced by actual query string cool huh

if you think that is not cool..then just hit the check box and turn it off :P (preference saved)
be careful about escaped arguments...since this is such a complex flow of events and can be
initalized from so mny places you are on your own..I will try to help out more eventually 
(cause well I am lazy and hate repetive tasks) btu there is no smart logic yet

I have had a flood of ideas these last couple days (if you cant tell) and hey I am even 
motivated again ! yay !

so ummm hummm I am sure there is more but I cant rember :(

oghh Source tab replace and find recgonize constants like <TAB>, <CR>, <LF>, and <CRLF>
in case you want to unindent some annoying code or whatever..rember that because i will forget.
(and thats why this is a NOTES tab !) ha

I am sorry..I amuse myself even if no others :P

ok guess thats it...dzzie over and out


